everyone Cuba King 77-year from the AC
syndicate team here to do a video
training how to update your samsung epic
4g to Gingerbread II I 22 which is
android 2.3 point 5 so this is the
latest gingerbread bleak I do am calling
it a leak right now just because it is a
leak build and we don't know if it's
official yet my guess is it might be
official so just a heads up there but
you will need to be you will need to
have clockworkmod so that's a
prerequisite is only if you have
clockwork but if you're on stock and if
clock or quad they would still works if
you're on a rom and have clockworkmod it
still works it's just you you do have a
slightly different methods so just make
sure you pay close attention whether
you're on stock or on a rum but in my
case i'm on the syndicate frozen rum ETO
five base run but anyways first of all
if you are on a rom other than stock
click on the first link in the
description it will be called ext4 orfs
big thanks to chris 41 g I ecs member
takes you to the ACS forums but as you
can see ext4 to RFS right there I just
scroll down and right there click on
this link after you click on it you're
going to want to go to this ext4 to RFS
zip so select that EXT 42 RFS zip and
once you select it it'll download it
just put that on your SD card remember
if you're on stack you don't need to do
this part so this is only for if you're
going to custom rum but download this
ext4 to RFS and then once you're done
with that and click on the other link in
the description of the video takes to
the Android creative syndicate form
again thanks to Marcus aunt for posting
this for us it's actually a pre rooted
rom a VI 22 so you will need to reroute
either which is a plus but otherwise
click on this download right here I'll
download a zip file everyone needs to
download this file whether you're on
stock or on a ROM so either way you're
going to need to download this file as
well but once you have both of those
files you're going to need to put them
on to your SD card so
can see I have both of them right there
ext4 to RFS and a CFC I 22 pre routed go
ahead and plug your phone into your PC
like I have right there and mount it and
then just put those files on to your
removable disk so as you can see my
removable disk is right there just click
and drag those over to removal this drop
them in there once it's done right click
on your mobile disk and hit eject so go
ahead and once you're done there you can
eject your phone and go back to your
phone unplug it and then go ahead and
actually just power off your device if
you're on stack you're going to need to
power off your device as well and we're
going to need to go into clockworkmod if
you're on stock you don't need to flash
the ext4 to RFS what it does is to
convert your file system to RFS from
ext4 which most updated roms do have if
you think you're on mate is RFS you can
try not flashing the EXT fort RFS but
the only way i would say it is if you're
on stacked and no need to flash it but
anyways go into clockworkmod to do so
volume down camera button power button
all at the same time I'm press and hold
all three of them so the bottom backlit
keys do light up so like so and once
this boots up should be in clockworkmod
recovery as you can see ACS recovery
right there very very if you aren't on
the cs recovery i do recommend updating
but anyways what you're going to need to
do is once you're in acs recovery you're
going to need to all you're gonna have
to do is just go to install zip from
sdcard so go down to install zip from
sdcard this is if you are on ecs
clockworkmod but this first step is only
if you're on a ROM so install from
sdcard choose it from SD card and then
find that EXT 42 RFS zip so i'm going to
go ahead and scroll down sorry I have so
many files in here but anyways I'm going
to scroll down until I get to that EXT
42 RFS that zip select it and then just
to es install ext4 to RFS zip so yes
install it's just going to convert my
file system to RFS i do recommend make a
nandroid backup before you do this just
in case anything goes wrong so make sure
you back everything up because data will
be wiped so make sure you do a backup
of everything before you do any of this
stuff but anyways it's going to go ahead
and convert my file system RFS it will
take a while so I'm just going to let it
run and then I'll come back once it's
done alright so now that that's done it
says install from sdcard complete all
you're going to have to do now is once
that conversion is done go to choose zip
from sdcard select it and then go ahead
and go to wherever you put that ecse I
22 pre rooted zip so go ahead and go
down to it- right there as you can see
the e sei 22 pre rooted zip so select it
and hit yes install so go ahead and
install that pre rooted zip that you did
download from the ecs forums and then go
ahead and let it install and you will be
running GI 22 once it's done installing
alright so as you can see install from
sdcard complete that means the ROM is
done installing just hit the back arrow
go back and then just a reboot system
now so go ahead and reboot your phone
and you should be good to go then once
it boots up you should be running e I 22
gingerbread android 2.3 point 5 so I'm
going to go out and let that Buddha as
you can see it's includes a new vernal
kernel which is a very nice so big
thanks to new coder for that Colonel to
help us get this going and it should
have nice stock boot animation because
it is it'll be stocky I 22 and it is
just rooted so it'll be stocky at 22
rooted so as you can see I guess it has
an android boot up screen probably
because it has the custom kernel but
anyways i'm going to go into a separate
review video this is just a how-to video
so be sure to look out for that in the
description of the video and as always
guys be sure to comment rate and
subscribe on this video I hope it helped
be sure to give it a thumbs up